[RLlib] Add example commands for using `setup-dev.py` with RLlib for improved dev setup stability and developer experience. (#22380)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-dev.rst

Development Install
-------------------

> You can develop RLlib locally without needing to compile Ray by using the `setup-dev.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/setup-dev.py>`__ script. This sets up links between the ``rllib`` dir in your git repo and the one bundled with the ``ray`` package. However if you have installed ray from source using `these instructions <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/ray-overview/installation.html>`__ then do not use this, as these steps should have already created this symlink. When using this script, make sure that your git branch is in sync with the installed Ray binaries (i.e., you are up-to-date on `master <https://github.com/ray-project/ray>`__ and have the latest `wheel <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/installation.html>`__ installed.)
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
>     git clone [your fork]
>     cd ray
>     # only enter 'Y' at the first question on linking RLlib
>     python python/ray/setup-dev.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can develop RLlib locally without needing to compile Ray by using the `setup-dev.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/setup-dev.py>`__ script.
This sets up symlinks between the ``ray/rllib`` dir in your local git clone and the respective directory bundled with the pip-installed ``ray`` package. This way, every change you make in the source files in your local git clone will immediately be reflected in your installed ``ray`` as well.
However if you have installed ray from source using `these instructions <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/ray-overview/installation.html>`__ then do not use this, as these steps should have already created this symlink.
When using this script, make sure that your git branch is in sync with the installed Ray binaries (i.e., you are up-to-date on `master <https://github.com/ray-project/ray>`__ and have the latest `wheel <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/installation.html>`__ installed.)

.. code-block:: bash

    # Clone your fork onto your local machine, e.g.:
    git clone https://github.com/[your username]/ray.git
    cd ray
    # Only enter 'Y' at the first question on linking RLlib.
    # This leads to the most stable behavior and you won't have to re-install ray as often.
    # If you anticipate making changes to e.g. tune quite often, consider also symlinking ray tune here
    # (say 'Y' when asked by the script about creating the tune symlink).
    python python/ray/setup-dev.py
```
